1. The proxy-provider generates a private key that is used to spawn one or more 
Bitcoin addresses. A certain amount of Bitcoin is then acquired with these 
addresses.

2. At the initialization of service, or at regular intervals thereafter, the 
proxy-provider consolidates these amounts as inputs in a single transaction 
that has a multiple number of outputs addressed to itself, each output having 
an equal amount of nominal spendable Satoshi value. 

3. These outputs are designated as 'proxy-provider utxos', and the set of these 
outputs is called the 'utxo pool'.

4. For every new subscriber that registers with the proxy-provider service, a 
pre-determined number of proxy-provider utxos, selected randomly from the utxo 
pool are marked as 'commited proxy-provider utxos'. The commitment is to the 
subscriber. A Merkle tree is computed using these utxos, and the resulting 
Merkle root, referred to as 'provider utxo set commitment' is included in the 
subscriber's Allpay registration transaction Allegory metadata.

5. The utxo pool consists of proxy-provider utxos that are NOT committed to any 
subscriber. It follows that when a utxo from the pool is committed to a 
subscriber, it is removed from the pool.

6. Whenever any sender that is using an Allpay wallet wishes to send Bitcoin to 
a subscriber, the transaction must include a proxy-provider utxo from the 
committed set for that subscriber. This utxo is supplied by the proxy-provider. 
A Merkle path that leads to the provider utxo set commitment is also supplied 
to the sender so that s/he can independently verify that the proxy-provider 
utxo belongs to the commited set.

7. At the end of subscription period, or upon termination of subscription, the 
proxy-provider has to prove to the subscriber that all the proxy-provider utxos 
committed to it are no longer spendable. It can do this by:
	(i) spending all the unspent proxy-provider utxos back into the utxo 
pool, where it can commit them to another subscriber down the line, and
	(ii) sending the committed proxy-prover utxos to the subscriber so s/he 
can verify that [a] all the utxos are spent, and [b] all the utxos belong to 
the commitment set and the set contains no more utxos than what have been sent.
(ii)[b] can be achieved by simply computing the Merkle root using all the 
provided utxos and verifying it against the provider utxo set commitment in the 
Allpay registration tranasction.

--------

i. There is nothing intrinsically specialy about a proxy-provider utxo. Its 
value is derived from the fact that it is a part of a commitment made to a 
subscriber, legitimised by being recored in the Allegory metadata of a 
transaction included on the chain.
ii. Proxy-provider utxos used in Allpay-enabled transactions can be spent back 
to the proxy-provider service, and the Satoshi value makes its way back to the 
utxo pool of the proxy-provider.
